SOFTWARE LICENCE AGREEMENT FOR ACADEMIC USE OF STAMP

IMPORTANT: This software and its associated documentation are the copyright
works of the authors, Robert B. Russell and Geoffrey J. Barton hereinafter
referred to as the LICENSOR. Use of the software and documentation is
governed by the terms of the Academic License Agreement set out below. You,
hereinafter referred to as the LICENSEE, will not be able to install the
software unless you first agree to those terms.

The LICENSOR has developed a body of computer software and associated
documentation called STAMP hereafter referred to as the WORK.

The LICENSEE desires to use the WORK for education and research purposes.

The LICENSEE and LICENSOR agree as follows:

The LICENSOR grants to the LICENSEE a nonexclusive, nontransferable,
licence to use the WORK subject to the following conditions.

1. LICENSEE'S RIGHTS

The Licensee shall have the right to use the WORK for educational and
research purposes on all computers owned or leased by the Licensee and
located on the LICENSEE'S campus or site.

2. RESTRICTIONS ON USE

No commercial use of any kind is permitted under this licence. For
commercial use, a commercial licence is required.

3. LICENSING FEE

For a distribution via electronic means, there is no fee. For a physical
distribution on magnetic media, the fee is fifty (50) pounds (UK).

4. NO SUPPORT

The LICENSEE recognizes that the LICENSOR is not obligated to provide
support, maintenance, consulting, or revision of the WORK. If the LICENSOR
chooses to release to the LICENSEE updates of, additions to, or
modifications of the WORK, this agreement shall apply to them as though
they were part of the original WORK.

5. NO PRODUCT WARRANTY

The WORK is released on a "as is" basis. There is no warranty whatsoever as
to functioning, performance or effect on hardware or other software,
express or implied. The LICENSOR disclaims any implied warranties of
merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose.

6. OWNERSHIP

The LICENSEE agrees that the WORK including any updates, additions, and
modifications, is, and shall at all times remain, the property of the
LICENSOR, and that it has been copyrighted by the LICENSOR. The LICENSEE
shall have no right, title or interest therein or thereto except as
expressly set forth in this agreement.

7. CREDITS

All credits and copyright notices in the WORK, both in listings and/or
documentation, whether names of individuals or organisations, shall be
retained in place. Publications referring to the WORK, or to other works
containing the WORK in whole or in part, shall refer to it as STAMP and
shall specify that the WORK was made by Robert B. Russell and Geoffrey J.
Barton. Publication of results that use the WORK shall cite: Russell, R. B.
and Barton, G. J. (1992), Proteins, 14, 309-323.

8. NONDISCLOSURE

Under no conditions shall the LICENSEE disclose the WORK, in whole or in
part, to third parties, except as expressly provided for in this agreement.
Nor shall the LICENSEE make the WORK available to third parties via a
computer network. Permission is hereby granted to the LICENSEE to disclose
the WORK or modifications thereof to other organisations in possession of a
valid source licence for the WORK, provided that such disclosure shall be
for educational or research purposes only. LICENSEE may also disclose the
WORK to its students and employees for use in their educational and
research activities, provided that they are bound not to further disclose
it to third parties. This article shall survive termination of the
agreement.

9. NO LIABILITY

Neither the LICENSOR nor any individual or any legal entity involved in
creating, modifying, updating, or supplementing the work, shall be liable
for damages arising out of the failure or malfunctioning of the WORK. The
LICENSEE hereby assumes the risk of and releases and forever discharges the
LICENSOR, its employees and any other individual or legal entity referred
to in the foregoing sentence with respect to any expense, claim, liability,
loss or damage, direct or indirect, including any incidental or
consequential damages, whether made or suffered by LICENSEE in connection
with the failure or malfunction of the WORK. LICENSEE acknowledges that the
WORK is in the process of development and is not error-free, that the
foregoing exclusion of liability is therefore an essential term of this
Agreement without which exclusion the LICENSOR would not be willing to
enter into this Agreement and to make the Work available on the Price
agreed upon herein.

10. GOVERNING LAW

This agreement shall be construed and enforced according to the laws of
England.

11. TERMINATION AND ENFORCEMENT COSTS

LICENSOR shall have the right to terminate this agreement with immediate
effect upon notice by registered mail to LICENSEE in the event that
LICENSEE, its employees, or persons acting on its behalf breach any
provision of this agreement. Upon termination, the LICENSEE agrees to
return the orginal WORK immediately, to destroy all copies of the WORK
(exact or modified) in its possession or under its control, and to send to
the LICENSOR a signed statement that all such copies have been destroyed.
If the LICENSOR takes legal action against the LICENSEE to enforce this
agreement and prevails, the LICENSEE agrees to pay LICENSOR'S legal costs,
including reasonable attorney's fees.

12. CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT

This agreement may only be changed if both parties agree to the proposed
changes in writing.
